Match report as Vanessa Giles' strike sends tie to extra-time before Lyon go ahead on aggregate when Sara Dabritz scores with five minutes remaining; Maren Mjelde nets controversial penalty in 128th minute after referee consulted pitchside monitor; Blues win 4-3 on penalties

Jai Field and Abbas Miski score two tries each to help Wigan Warriors claim a resounding win in the 'Battle of the Borough' with rivals Leigh Leopards; Bevan French, Jake Wardle - who was sin-binned in the first half - and Toby King also go over for the visitors at Leigh Sports Village

Perez triumphed at the Saudi Arabian Grand Prix for the second year running on March 19 and is just one point adrift of reigning world champion Verstappen after two races of the season.

Looking to to wrap up home-court advantage throughout the Eastern Conference playoffs, the Milwaukee Bucks host the Boston Celtics with just two weeks left in the 2022-23 NBA

Lionel Messi offered deal to become world's highest-paid player by Saudi club Al-Hilal - Paper Talk

Having signed a contract extension in February 2022, Norris is tied to the team until the end of the 2025 campaign, but his future remains a major talking point with McLaren's woes continuing.

Despite near-constant chatter surrounding Norris' future, McLaren chief executive Brown insists the driver's current focus is on the team's goal to build a "championship winning car" over the next two years.

Jack Diamond has been charged with one count of rape and one count of sexual assault by Northumbria Police; Sunderland announced the player has been suspended, with his loan spell at Lincoln terminated immediately; spokesperson for Diamond said he strenuously denies the allegations

The player, from Washington, Tyne and Wear, was on loan with League One Lincoln City but that deal has now been terminated.

Plus: Chelsea are reportedly plotting to offload Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang to Inter Milan; Tottenham have reportedly identified Brighton's Evan Ferguson as a long-term successor to Harry Kane; Leeds could reignite interest in Patrick Vieira and make him their next manager in the summer

Chelsea beat UWCL holders Lyon on penalties to reach semifinals

Goalkeeper Ann-Katrin Berger was the hero for Chelsea in the shootout, saving from Wendie Renard and, finally, from Lindsey Horan to set up a semifinal clash with Barcelona.

Lewis Hamilton praises Brazilian authorities over Nelson Piquet court ruling

Lewis Hamilton has praised Brazilian authorities for handing three-time Formula One champion Nelson Piquet a large fine for using racist and anti-gay language in comments about the Mercedes driver.

Women's World Cup prize money up 300% but still one-third of men's

According to ESPN sources, the precise breakdown is $110m in prize money and then $31m towards preparation funds and $11m to club benefits.

Infantino reelected as FIFA president, compares victory to Rwanda's recovery from genocide

"We must improve our regulations and the FIFA statutes. We will continue to evolve our good governance principles and look at the transfer system, and maybe have a discussion to improve transparency of transfer fees and salaries.

One of six potential ratings applies to both pitch and outfield for each game: very good, good, average, below average, poor and unfit, with the bottom three incurring demerit points (1, 3 and 5 respectively for the pitch, 0, 2 and 5 for the outfield). Pick up five demerit points in a rolling five-year period and your ICC ground accreditation is suspended for 12 months. Pick up ten and it is two years without international cricket. Hugely consequential for the local association, perhaps less so for the national board. In situations where a pitch underperforms, match referees must consult umpires and captains before assigning a rating.

When approached, in the spirit of transparency, about exactly how much of the match footage was reviewed, the ICC would only refer to the press release.

Like the strange phase of a teenager entering college, the IPL, 16 now, finds itself leaping into an exciting and unknown future in 2023 whilst also clasping on to some of its old values

A common refrain in T20 cricket is that batters win you matches and bowlers win you tournaments, but is this true? A deep dive into the numbers shows whether it is worth weighing team strength towards one discipline or the other

South Africa determined to seal World Cup spot

Having beaten India in the WTC Final in 2021, New Zealand have lent a helping hand in putting them in the next one in June this year

Most Kohli hundreds have had the effect of being played to the soundtrack of an electric guitar solo. But this one had the more calming effect of a string quartet performance

While the 2022 edition took place after the hard reset of a mega auction, 2023 comes bearing a different kind of challenge altogether.

KKR are hopeful of their regular skipper being available to play a few matches at the business end of the tournament

Kolkata Knight Riders head coach Chandrakant Pandit is hoping Shreyas Iyer can still play a part in this year's Indian Premier League. Iyer's back injury has kept him out of the tournament for now with little clarity over the possibility of him returning at some stage. As a result, KKR officially named Nitish Rana as their skipper on Tuesday (March 28) for the upcoming season.

"Whatever little cricket I have played or coached, I have never gone back over things like squad unavailability," Pandit said. "Shreyas's absence will make a difference since he is important, but this is truly unfortunate. We are hoping Shreyas will be back very soon and that will make a lot of difference to the team.

Like Rana, Pandit will also be taking a bigger step in his career having coached in the domestic circuit with a lot of success over the years. "Challenges are everywhere," he noted. "This is also one, but it is a challenge of a different kind. After domestic cricket, to come here where there are experienced international-level players with different reputations is a different challenge. I have already said that the players we have, many of them have been playing for their country and are experienced players. Ultimately, the game is not different, only the format is. As long as any team plays as a unit, it will make a difference."

There’s a new supply chain attack targeting customers of a phone system with 12 million users

Hello, friends, and welcome to Daily Crunch, bringing you the most important startup, tech and venture capital news in a single package.

AI and machine learning tech -- and the companies building them -- are covered here, as well as the ethical issues they raise. Encompasses generative AI, including large language models, text-to-image and text-to-video models; speech recognition and generation; and predictive analytics.

Actuator: A trio of executive interviews, Berkshire Grey gets acquired, and a pivot from security to delivery

Given the damage bots can do — for example, stealing content and inventory, degrading website and app performance, taking over accounts and committing payment fraud — it’s not exactly surprising that vendors selling bot-fighting tech are attracting big investments. Case in point, DataDome, a provider of bot protection services for mobile apps, websites and APIs, has raised $42 million in a Series C round led by InfraVia Growth with participation from Elephant and ISAI.

That’s an impressively high figure in light of the current macroeconomic climate. Funding for cybersecurity startups dropped by a third in 2022, falling from $22.8 billion in 2021 to $15.3 billion last year, according to Crunchbase data. Beyond the cybersecurity industry, the fallout from the Silicon Valley Bank collapse continues to impact startups’ ability to secure funding.

“You’re not actually purchasing cannabis with a credit card,” says Jeff Dillon, managing director of Marketing at Smoakland. “You’re purchasing crypto, and then we immediately use the crypto to purchase cannabis, before cashing the crypto back out. That way, your credit card company knows users are purchasing crypto. Crypto doesn’t give a shit what you do with it. For my purpose, and for the purpose of the customer, [the payment processor has] no idea what’s going on.”

Of course, cannabis is a higher-risk market, and Smoakland expects it needs customers to pay a bit more in processing costs, but the team believes the customers are willing to do that in order to go up in a blaze of convenient glory.

Tech startup coverage that breaks down the funding, growth, and long-term trajectory of companies across every stage and industry, including climate, crypto, fintech, SaaS, transportation, and consumer tech.

“Our story starts 15 years ago,” Frédéric Utzmann, founder and CEO of Effy, told Romain. After 15 years of bootstrapping, the energy renovation company is at a crossroads and just closed a $22 million funding round from Felix Capital to make the most of the opportunities in the energy renovation space.

The app economy continues to grow, having produced a record number of downloads and consumer spending across both the iOS and Google Play stores. Keep up with this fast-moving industry in one place, with the latest from the world of apps, including news, updates, startup fundings, mergers and acquisitions, and much more.

Google is introducing new ways for users to verify information on Search, the company announced on Tuesday. The search giant is launching new features called “Perspectives” and “About this author,” while also expanding some of its current tools, including “About this result.”

Photographs from a historic moment in tech news history, the day a Gizmodo reporter published hands-on pics of the then-not-yet-announced iPhone 4, are now missing. And they’re not alone — vast quantities of pictures from G/O Media sites like The Onion, Jalopnik, and Deadspin (as well as Gizmodo) have been removed, reportedly intentionally, according to Gawker.

A recent Gawker report highlights that Buzzfeed has also been wiping many older images from the web. Still, Buzzfeed’s reason for doing so is relatively apparent after management explained the copyright claims on old photos deemed some of them “high-risk.”

G/O Media workers seemingly haven’t been given a reason as to why the photos and artwork have disappeared from their articles, and the company’s leaders reportedly didn’t warn them that it would be happening. Gawker speculates that it could be due to copyright concerns, citing its report about Buzzfeed doing the same thing.

Both cases are examples of “link rot,” where content on the internet is drastically changed because it either disappears entirely or because essential pieces have gone missing.

G/O Media workers seemingly haven’t been given a reason as to why the photos and artwork have disappeared from their articles, and the company’s leaders reportedly didn’t warn them that it would be happening. Gawker speculates that it could be due to copyright concerns, citing its report about Buzzfeed doing the same thing.

There’s also some interesting timing regarding the sites’ ownership, which could affect copyright in other ways. Gawker reports that the images that were removed seem to be from articles that were published on the sites before they became part of G/O Media

We’ve seen massive cases of link rot before, with one notable example from what happened when Twitter banned then-president Donald Trump — news articles that embedded his tweets as context or proof suddenly showed nearly empty boxes instead.

Google Glass Enterprise Edition is no more

The best Xbox controller to buy right now

Sony’s PSVR 2 launches February 22nd for $549. Is it worth the price? Sean Hollister, Adi Robertson, and Tom Warren take you through the impressive hardware — and very early game lineup.

Formerly known as Starlink for RV, you can now get satellite internet service that follows you across any continent and most countries.

As with the RV package, users can choose either a portable antenna for $599 or one intended for in-motion use for $2,500. Previously, you could only travel with Starlink’s satellite dish (nicknamed Dishy) within the same continent.

Starlink markets the rebranded subscription as a way for customers to use Starlink in “locations where connectivity has been unreliable or completely unavailable.” You can also pause and unpause the subscription whenever you want, while getting billed in one-month increments.

Newly Declassified Report Contradicts Officials, Suggests Havana Syndrome Might Be Caused by Directed Energy

Matt Damon Says He Did That Dumb Crypto.com Ad Because His Water Nonprofit Was 'Down'

Short-seller Hindenberg accused the popular digital payment service and its parent company of massively misrepresenting user numbers. Block has fired back.

The names of the astronauts will be announced on Monday, and they'll be the first four humans to fly past the Moon since the Apollo program.

The U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission issued a recall of 53,000 hoverboards manufactured by Jetson Electric Bikes.

Another set of Apple patents show that the tech giant is using existing devices to determine your every muscle movement and location in a room.

The former Amazon consultant also took to LinkedIn to apologize for the crime saying, "I am sorry to have done these things."

A man in India is the first person thought to be sickened by a fungus that usually attacks and kills rose plants.

China Takes a Small Step Towards Improving Its Falling Rockets Problem

Midjourney Shuts Down Free Trial Access Amid Deepfake Bonanza, but Says It's Unrelated

Dripped out Pope Francis and Trump under arrest—the era of difficult to detect AI-generated images is here. But really, the company just wants you to pay.

China is reportedly finalizing a plan to use parachutes to better control falling side boosters, but it's a limited solution to a larger problem.

Google Shuffles Assistant Leadership to Focus on Bard AI. Google's attention seems firmly focused on AI, potentially at the expense of one of its successes.

Plants Yell When They’re Stressed Out

Tomato and tobacco plants emit airborne popping sounds when things aren’t going their way, new research finds.

They will aim to help support young people under the age of 18 who are struggling with their gender identity, and be linked to mental health care and GP services where relevant.Infections are usually mild and the risk to the general population is low, but the UK government has bought stocks of smallpox vaccine to guard against monkeypox.The committee says there is "widespread support for the continuation of the various grace periods and derogations, amidst warnings of the serious economic impact should they come to an end without being replaced".

Twelve races into his Mercedes career, he has finished ahead of team-mate Lewis Hamilton seven times, and leads the most successful driver in history by 16 points.Hyperpigmentation is where darker patches of skin develop and can be caused by excess melanin production.JVL was formed in 2017, when Jeremy Corbyn was Labour leader. 
The group says it opposes "all forms of racism" and "attempts to widen the definition of anti-Semitism beyond its meaning of hostility towards Jews as Jews".So along with some of these inspirational people, we're working on a campaign that we wanted to be more than just something you see in a documentary that you watch for an hour and then move on. We wanted it to be something that actually makes a difference.
He then submits a manifesto of action points to the Commonwealth Games Federation "in an effort to create meaningful, long-lasting change that ensures major sporting competitions are open to, and safe for, everyone".The local organisers of the Commonwealth Games have the option of adding sports to the regular core events, with cricket included this year after a joint bid by the International Cricket Council and the England and Wales Cricket Board.

Human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) damages the body's immune system. This can lead to Aids (acquired immunodeficiency syndrome) and the body struggling to fight off infection.Jane, another midwife who is in the process of leaving the NHS, recognises the picture painted by Sarah and tells Newsbeat "the system is broken.Melioidosis can occur in people who have underlying diseases, such as diabetes and chronic kidney disease.The troubled finances of the iconic London Stadium - now home to Premier League football club West Ham of course - have been the source of significant controversy. Not only was the £320m bill for converting it after the Games twice the original estimate, but the loss-making facility still costs taxpayers around £8m-10m a year to run.

Only Lewis Hamilton, Michael Schumacher and Juan Manuel Fangio have won more world titles than Vettel, and only Hamilton and Schumacher have more than his 53 race wins.LGBTQ+ rights group Stonewall said it was pleased the NHS had decided to act decisively to address "unacceptable" waiting times faced by young trans people trying to access gender-identity healthcare.Previous recipients include the Prince of Wales, UK prime ministers Sir John Major and Baroness Thatcher, and US secretaries of state Madeleine Albright and James Baker.The committee said the omission of the menopause as a protected characteristic under the Equality Act was no longer tenable given 51% of the population - including some trans men and people who were non-binary - would experience the transition.

The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) is the United Nations body for assessing the science related to climate change.

The IPCC prepares comprehensive Assessment Reports about the state of scientific, technical and socio-economic knowledge on climate change, its impacts and future risks, and options for reducing the rate at which climate change is taking place.

It also produces Special Reports on topics agreed to by its member governments, as well as Methodology Reports that provide guidelines for the preparation of greenhouse gas inventories. The IPCC is finalizing the Sixth Assessment Report which consists of three Working Group contributions and a Synthesis Report. 

Through its assessments, the IPCC determines the state of knowledge on climate change. It identifies where there is agreement in the scientific community on topics related to climate change, and where further research is needed.

The assessment reports are a key input into the international negotiations to tackle climate change. Created by the United Nations Environment Programme (UN Environment) 

 The IPCC does not conduct its own research.

The main activity of the IPCC is the preparation of reports assessing the state of knowledge of climate change

To communicate its findings and explain its work, the IPCC takes part in outreach activities organized by the IPCC or hosted by other organizations,

The IPCC organizes scoping meetings of experts and meetings of lead authors to prepare reports

IPCC assessments and special reports are prepared by three Working Groups, each looking at a different aspect of the science related to climate change

Working Group I (The Physical Science Basis), Working Group II (Impacts, Adaptation and Vulnerability), and Working Group III (Mitigation of Climate Change). 

The IPCC also has a Task Force on National Greenhouse Gas Inventories, whose main objective is to develop and refine a methodology for the calculation and reporting of national greenhouse gas emissions and removals.

The Working Group I contribution was finalized in August 2021, the Working Group II contribution in February 2022, the Working Group III contribution in April 2022 and the Synthesis Report in March 2023.

It says that if the UK had the average income and inequality levels of these five countries, typical household income in Britain would be 32%, or £8,800 higher per year.The Brexit divorce bill - agreed to by Prime Minister Boris Johnson's government - covered pension contributions for EU staff, as well as funding for three of its research programmes.The proposed plans will be be introduced as part of the "Healthy Weston" programme and have been developed by senior doctors, nurses, health and care staff with input from the public and patients.She was surprised because she had believed a long-perpetuated myth that high levels of melanin in black skin meant it could not be damaged by the sun.She is running as fast as ever now.

She clocked a new personal best of 10.6 seconds in August, has run the four fastest times of 2022 so far and beat the world's best at the World Championships in Eugene earlier this month.Mr Peskov told the BBC's Moscow correspondent Steve Rosenberg that he had been surprised to hear of the reports and said he would not comment until "after an agreement has been carried out".LIV Golf did not announce next year's tournament dates and locations but said it would "expand LIV Golf's global footprint" with events in North America, Latin America, Australia, Europe, Asia and the Middle East.In other policy announcements, Mr Sunak has also promised to double the time benefit claimants have to work before they can stop attending appointments with work coaches from nine to 18 hours per week.The England Under-21 international becomes the Toffees' third summer signing after the arrival of his former Burnley team-mate James Tarkowski and Ruben Vinagre on loan from Sporting.

But the new Defence select committee report says both those events are "seemingly dismissed as insignificant and there appears to be no intention to revisit the conclusions" of the review.After the programme went off air, TalkTV said the presenter was "fine" but that the channel was following medical advice not to continue.

The Professional Footballers' Association (PFA) is also conducting its own inquiry and providing support to players who have reported claims of racism to them.You've got emergency services personnel that are struggling to put their heating on and food on the table and you just think: 'that is not what we expect or should be giving to the people that are helping our country.The European Commission has now launched four additional legal actions over the protocol, with the UK given an initial two months to reply to the complaints.Darts, table tennis, basketball and cards are played regularly, while TikTok videos, changing room dance routines and bus karaoke singalongs are all part of the Lionesses' days off.Worldwide, most cases are in people who live in, or have travelled to, areas where the bacterium naturally occurs, such as parts of South and South East Asia and northern Australia.However, something happened around 5,000 years ago that allowed one strain of herpes to overtake all others, possibly an increase in transmissions, which could have been linked to kissing.On home soil four years ago, Australia topped the standings with 80 gold medals and 198 trips to the podium in all. 

Goal 13 calls for urgent action to combat climate change and its impacts. It is intrinsically linked to all 16 of the other Goals of the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Developmen

Affordable, scalable solutions are now available to enable countries to leapfrog to cleaner, more resilient economies. The pace of change is quickening as more people are turning to renewable energy and a range of other measures that will reduce emissions and increase adaptation efforts.

But climate change is a global challenge that does not respect national borders. Emissions anywhere affect people everywhere. It is an issue that requires solutions that need to be coordinated at the international level and it requires international cooperation to help developing countries move toward a low-carbon economy.

To address climate change, countries adopted the Paris Agreement at the COP21 in Paris on 12 December 2015. The Agreement entered into force less than a year later. In the agreement, all countries agreed to work to limit global temperature rise to well below 2 degrees Celsius, and given the grave risks, to strive for 1.5 degrees Celsius.

Implementation of the Paris Agreement is essential for the achievement of the Sustainable Development Goals, and provides a roadmap for climate actions that will reduce emissions and build climate resilience.

Nigeria Youth SDGs Network is a coalition of youth lead and youth serving civil society organizations localizing the United Nations SDGs in Nigeria. Their mission is to amplify the voices of young Nigerians and enhance their participation in the developmental agenda of their country. NGYouthSDGs focuses on civic participation, livelihoods and employments, capacity development and education.

The Youth SDGs Playbook will provide the know-how for young to act towards ensuring the sustainable development of their community through their own personal and collective efforts.

The UN, FAO, the UN Foundation, and Sony Pictures Entertainment launched a joint digital campaign with the characters from Sony Pictures Entertainment’s movie Peter Rabbit2: The Runaway.

Through the campaign, Peter Rabbit (voiced by award-winning actor and host James Corden) and his friends encourage youth, and their families to be #FoodHeroes like Peter by taking actions like eating more fruits and vegetables, reducing food waste, buying at local gardens and farmers markets, and planting their own garden – big or small.

ActNow is the United Nations campaign for individual action on climate change and sustainability. Every one of us can help limit global warming and take care of our planet. By changing our habits and making choices that have less harmful effects on the environment, we have the power to confront the climate challenge and build a more sustainable world.

Have you met our Climate Action Superheroes? They aim to empower children to be heroic leaders for change and believe in the impact they can have on the planet is crucial.

The Sustainable Development Goals are a call for action by all countries – poor, rich and middle-income – to promote prosperity while protecting the planet. 

Planes, Shipping Lanes, and Automobiles: Surprising Ways Climate Change Can Affect Transportation

The effects of global climate change are broad and impact everyone, as well as Earth’s natural systems.

Much has been written about the major impacts of climate change. Effects such as rising global surface temperatures, higher sea levels, longer and more intense heat waves, melting glaciers and ice sheets, polar sea ice loss, extreme weather and climate events, and impacts on animal habitats are well-documented and in the news regularly.

In this new NASA Climate feature series, we’re examining some of the lesser-known, and often surprising, ways Earth’s changing climate is affecting our world.

Before the Industrial Revolution, human travels had little impact on Earth’s climate.

That changed once we began burning fossil fuels to power trains, boats, cars, trucks, and planes. Today, transportation generates about a fourth of global carbon dioxide emissions, second only to the electric power sector.

Climate change is affecting transportation in major ways, such as the ongoing shift to zero-emissions automobiles. 

But some of the impacts of climate on transportation are less obvious.

Our changing atmosphere may make future airline flights bumpier by strengthening vertical wind shear in jet streams. 

Jet streams are fast-moving belts of wind that travel around the planet in wavy, meandering paths in the upper parts of the atmosphere. 

Aviators often use or avoid them to increase the efficiency of their flights.

Vertical wind shear creates irregular air motions called turbulence, which is a significant and costly issue for airlines, resulting in injuries, damaged aircraft, delayed flights, and inspections and investigations.


England were a distant second with 45 golds, ahead of India and Canada with 26 and 15 respectively.The RFU said Mayor had specifically named the substance - 72iu Lilly Pens - and argued that there was evidence of the former Southport RFC coach "indicating that he intended to sell pens to others" as part of "substantial steps" to plan trafficking.Sir Keir Starmer says he sacked his transport spokesman Sam Tarry for doing interviews "without permission" and "making up policy on the hoof.Ms Truss has made one specific spending pledge - to increase defence spending from its current level of 2.1% of GDP to 2.5% by 2026 and 3% by 2030.

Peaky Blinders creator Steven Knight is the creative mastermind behind the ceremony. You can also expect a choir of 1,000 people and the conclusion of the Queen's Baton Relay, which will have reached all 72 Commonwealth nations and territories before arriving in Birmingham.
That has knock-on effects if you need to work - staff sickness in the NHS is another way the virus can pile pressure on the health service - or were planning to go on a nice holiday.Rishi Sunak, who is also hoping to replace Boris Johnson as prime minister, pledged to make "downblousing" - taking photos down a woman's top without consent - a criminal offence if he succeeds.In 2001, the rules became the focus of debate in the UK following the prosecution of the "metric martyrs" - a group of market traders convicted of selling goods using only imperial measures - although they have not been rigorously enforced since.


The Premier League did allow five changes when the 2019-20 season resumed after its Covid-19 suspension, but reverted after complaints were raised that the change favoured clubs with greater squad depth.The court heard that "serious" allegations were made in May 2018 during a Commons debate on the Sanctions and Anti-Money Laundering Bill. 
Some MPs claimed Mr Chandler was suspected of money laundering and being a Russian spy.Conservative MP Roger Gale hit back at suggestions there had been a coup, tweeting Mr Johnson "was forced to resign when too many of his ministers and backbenchers like myself made it plain that we were no longer prepared to tolerate his casual relationship with the truth"The rash, which can be extremely itchy or painful, changes and goes through different stages before finally forming a scab, which later falls off. The lesions can cause scarring.

Brewster's Sheffield United team-mate Oli McBurnie still faces the same charge and proceedings against him were adjourned by the same court until 4 August.In the years since, the 30-year-old has gone on to win a further three Olympic titles and a silver, making her the most successful British female athlete in Olympic history. She has seven world titles and 14 European titles, and now goes by the title of Dame.However, it looks as though the idea that Covid will just become a winter bug is either wrong or someway off.


